Python is a awesome language, Easily learnable. It's a lot of work to learn a new programming language. And people don't learn Python because it will get them a job;
they learn it because they genuinely like to program and aren't satisfied with the languages they already know. I'm one of these people. if a company chooses to write
its software in a comparatively esoteric language, they'll be able to hire better programmers, because they'll attract only those who cared enough to learn it.
And for programmers the paradox is even more pronounced: the language to learn, if you want to get a good job, is a language that people don't learn merely to get a job.
I have also adviced some of my friends to learn python and all of them have come back saying such a easy language. The thing i say back to them is whatever in tutorials
is just a rain drop, for every day there is one or the other new packages coming in solving hot issues. Community is what i like alot any doubt will be addressed max within 2 day.
overall zen of python is what concludes how a language/programme should be

    Beautiful is better than ugly.
    Explicit is better than implicit.
    Simple is better than complex.
    Complex is better than complicated.
    Flat is better than nested.
    Sparse is better than dense.
    Readability counts.
    Special cases aren't special enough to break the rules.
    Although practicality beats purity.
    Errors should never pass silently.
    Unless explicitly silenced.
    In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
    There should be one-- and preferably only one --obvious way to do it.
    Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you're Dutch.
    Now is better than never.
    Although never is often better than *right* now.
    If the implementation is hard to explain, it's a bad idea.
    If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
    Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let's do more of those!

Lots can be said about it, let me stop here. C is old Python is Gold ;)